The cut is here.
Oh, it's poor again.
What a ghost.
Uncle Kha Dinh Lam said it.
This villa belongs to him.
So imagine yourself as the richest girl.
This villa originally belonged to me.
My identity last time at the country hotel.
Isn't it already confirmed?
Are not.
I told you to wake up.
Stop pretending, okay?
Well, last time we were at a big hotel we saw it.
It was a play he did with Rett.
Hey, what are you talking about?
Cortin, stop talking nonsense to him.
Open the door.
Let that bastard see too.
A house that he cannot afford in his lifetime.
What does it look like?
Must completely give up.
Okay.
Today I want to open my eyes
Isn't this your villa?
Don't you know how to open the door?
What's going on, Cortin?
You shouldn't give me a fake one today, right?
I bought this villa.
It's just that I've never been there.
You wait for me to call the property.
You asking for property is also useless.
Our home's access control has just been upgraded.
Do not use the card to brush your face
Brush your face
What are you talking about? Do you know what a villa is?
You.
Verified successfully
Welcome home owners